Objectives
Most of the new and small businesses struggles on managing their inventory since they prefer using traditional or manual inventory management which can lead into different problems such as poor communication manual inventory requires employees and managers to write down each time an item is removed from the inventory. If one employee forgets to mention that the last product has been removed from the inventory, a manager expects the item to still be available for a customer during a sale. Keeping track of daily purchases is another difficult controlling measure with manual inventory systems, manual inventory system requires the employees to write down the items sold during a single workday. This can be a difficult task, as one employee may lose the list of items sold or another may forget to write down a sale. Manual inventory management does not update at the end of the day with updated inventory counts. This means you must go through the inventory items each time you need to place an order for new raw materials, products or supplies for the inventory. This can be a time-consuming process, as the business will physically have to go through each product box and browse through the items making manual inventory management dangerous and unsecured for the business.  

Bullet Form
so all employees in the business know what is always available. a technological inventory system can provide the business with updates, so the business can know exactly how many items they have left in their inventory. This means the business can check their inventory and order the supplies from the office desk with a technical inventory making their work more efficient and easier. The Objective of Our Idea and Proposal of The Inventory Management System is that it must be easy to utilized and easy to understand which can be easily used by anyone while providing the benefits and use of any inventory management system. This means that the design and structure of the Inventory management system must be simple, and each feature must provide a functional use in managing the inventory.